readme.md, before:

![Dynaplex logo](docs/source/assets/images/logo.png)

This repository replicates the results presented in the papers:
- *[Deep Controlled Learning for Inventory Control](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0377221725000463)*
- *[Zero-shot Generalization in Inventory Management: Train, then Estimate and Decide](https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.00515)*

For the original repository, including the latest updates and documentation, please visit [DynaPlex on GitHub](https://github.com/DynaPlex/DynaPlex).
Please do not hesitate to contact the first author when replicating the results or if you have any questions.

For the paper titled "Deep Controlled Learning for Inventory Control", please see folder **`DeepControlledLearning/`** for the weights of the neural networks for each inventory setting, and  **`src/lib/models/models/`** folder for the construction of MDP-EI's of the inventory problems.
---

For the paper titled "Zero-shot generalization in Inventory Management: Train, then Estimate and Decide", please see folder **`GC-LSN_weights/`** for the weights of the generally capable lost sales network GC-LSN, and  **`src/lib/models/models/Zero_Shot_Lost_Sales_Inventory_Control`** for the construction of the Super-Markov Decision Process of lost sales inventory control problem.
---

## High-level overview of folder structure

- **`LICENSES/`**: Contains the licenses to used libraries and packages.
- **`DeepControlledLearning/`**: Contains the test results and policy weights for the inventory problems presented in Deep Controlled Learning in Inventory Control paper.
- **`GC-LSN_weights/`**: Contains the weights for the generally capable agent  GC-LSN  for lost sales inventory control.
- **`bash/`**: Contains the files used for running on a Linux HPC.
- **`cmake/`**: Contains support functionality for building with CMake. 
- **`docs/`**: Contains the documentation.
- **`python/`**: Contains example python scripts, that can be used after building the python bindings.
- **`src/`**: Contains the main code base
  - **`executables/`**: Contains all executables you can run (you can add additional executables yourself here, that use the library).
  - **`extern/`**: Contains all external libraries used (e.g., googletest).
  - **`lib/`**: Contains all algorithms and all MDP models, you can implement your MDP in src/lib/models/models.
  - **`tests/`**: Contains all code for unit testing (supported by googletest).

---

Commit message:

resolving bugs to replicate the results and adding new environments

readme.md, after:

![Dynaplex logo](docs/source/assets/images/logo.png)

This repository replicates the results presented in the papers:
- *[Deep Controlled Learning for Inventory Control](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0377221725000463)*
- *[Zero-shot Generalization in Inventory Management: Train, then Estimate and Decide](https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.00515)*

For the original repository, including the latest updates and documentation, please visit [DynaPlex on GitHub](https://github.com/DynaPlex/DynaPlex).
Please do not hesitate to contact the first author when replicating the results or if you have any questions. Make sure to include IO_DynaPlex folder to replicate all the results. 

For the paper titled "Deep Controlled Learning for Inventory Control", please see folder **`DeepControlledLearning/`** for the weights of the neural networks for each inventory setting, and  **`src/lib/models/models/`** folder for the construction of MDP-EI's of the inventory problems.
---

For the paper titled "Zero-shot generalization in Inventory Management: Train, then Estimate and Decide", please see folder **`GC-LSN_weights/`** for the weights of the generally capable lost sales network GC-LSN, and  **`src/lib/models/models/Zero_Shot_Lost_Sales_Inventory_Control`** for the construction of the Super-Markov Decision Process of lost sales inventory control problem.
---

## High-level overview of folder structure

- **`LICENSES/`**: Contains the licenses to used libraries and packages.
- **`DeepControlledLearning/`**: Contains the test results and policy weights for the inventory problems presented in Deep Controlled Learning in Inventory Control paper.
- **`GC-LSN_weights/`**: Contains the weights for the generally capable agent  GC-LSN  for lost sales inventory control.
- **`IO_DynaPlex/`**: Folder where all networks weights are written and can be inferred to.
- **`bash/`**: Contains the files used for running on a Linux HPC.
- **`cmake/`**: Contains support functionality for building with CMake. 
- **`docs/`**: Contains the documentation.
- **`python/`**: Contains example python scripts, that can be used after building the python bindings.
- **`src/`**: Contains the main code base
  - **`executables/`**: Contains all executables you can run (you can add additional executables yourself here, that use the library).
  - **`extern/`**: Contains all external libraries used (e.g., googletest).
  - **`lib/`**: Contains all algorithms and all MDP models, you can implement your MDP in src/lib/models/models.
  - **`tests/`**: Contains all code for unit testing (supported by googletest).

---
